                              MIDI-MAZE II V1.5
                    another shareware product by ‰-soft...


1. About the shareware concept

You may copy Midi-Maze II freely, give it to your friends, spread it over a
BBS. But Midi-Maze is no freeware! If you want to keep it in your software
collection and you play it regularly, you have to pay for it. The program may
be distributed via public domain dealers, but if you got your disk from
such a dealer, you will have to pay the shareware fee nevertheless. And only
the ones who paid for it will get a T-shirt! By the way: we don't sell sell
the program and the T-shirt separatly.

A note for registered users:

Midi-Maze and the editor contain both, the user's name and serial number.
It is strictly forbidden to copy the registered version of Midi-Maze or the
Maze-Editor to anyone. But you may copy the "MANUAL"- and
"MIDIMAZE.PD"-folders. These contain the instructions and an unregistered
version of Midi-Maze. The latter can be used as the registered one, but you
cannot load another maze than the five mazes included. You can use the
unregistered version as a slave, if you want to play with another one.


2. What should be on your Midi-Maze II disk?

Please copy ALL the files on this disk! It should contain the following:
\MANUAL\        - The Midi-Maze II manual in TeX and text format
\MAZES\
 BATTLE24.MZE
 DOORS.MZE
 MEGAMAZE.MZE   - some Mazes. To use others, you need the editor which
 NEW.MZE          is included in the registered version
 OLD_MAZE.MZE
\GEMINI.ICN\
 MIDIMAZE.RSC   - Midi-Maze II icons for the Gemini shell
 MIDIMAZE.RSD
\EDITOR\	  (only in the registered version)
 MAZE_EDT.PRG	- the Maze-Editor
 EDITOR.TEX	- the editor's manual
 EDITOR.TXT
\MIDIMAZE.PD\	  (only in the registered version)
MIDIMAZE.CMP    - the title music
MIDIMAZE.MZE    - the default maze loaded by the master
MIDIMAZE.PRG    - the program itself
MIDIMAZE.TXT    - this text...
REGIST.TXT      - the registration form
KEYBOARD.IMG    - a picture of the function keys used in Midi-Maze II


3. How to pay the shareware fee

If you like this game, please send 55 DM (German marks) to:

	‰-soft
	z. Hd. Markus Fritze
	Birkhahnkamp 38
	W-2000 Norderstedt 1
	Fed. Rep. of Germany 

	Phone: (0049)40-5223955 (Please don't call before 12h and after
                                 22h CET)

Send us a check or transfer the money to account number 10407860 at the
Norderstedter Bank, bank code number 20069111. Please ensure that we will
receive 55 German marks, some credit institutions keep some of the money
as a transfer fee.


4. What do I get if I have paid for it?

˘A clear conscience, since you don't use a pirate version and you have
supported future work that will be done on this and other products.
˘You will get the latest version of the program. We'll try do fix all bugs
 and to install new features.
˘You will get a Midi-Maze T-Shirt (Please write us your size: M, L or XL).
 And look at the chapter "How to wash the T-Shirt".
˘You will get an editor, that can edit old mazes and create new ones.
 The editor has some nice features:
 -Draw rectangles and blocks.
 -Move, copy and erase blocks.
 -Undo option.
 -Create mazes randomly.
 -Several print options, e. g. to print a catalog of all your mazes.
 -Support of all maze-sizes (5x5 to 63x63)
 -Support of the additional Midi-Maze II objects (Doors and invisible walls).
 -Support of the old (MAZ) and new (MZE) maze format. The new format allows
  you to enter a name longer than 8 characters, stores the date of creation
  and the name of its creator.
˘There is a maze pool: You can send us a disk with mazes you have created
 and enough money to send the disk back to you. Then we will copy all the
 mazes made by other people who joined the maze pool.
˘We will send you a list of other Midi-Maze players and your name to others
 if you want us to.
˘You can get updates if you send us your original disk and enough money to
 return it to you.


5. Who is ‰-soft?

We are not a professional software company doing nothing else than to wait
for your order, but a group of students. We'll try process every order as
fast as possible, but we cannot afford to store a lot of T-Shirts and the
other stuff (it's too expensive). And sometimes we have to study, write
exams and such. But we get money for it, so we try to be conscientious.


6. How to wash the T-Shirt

We have bought cotton shirts of rather good quality, the four colors should
be still four different colors after the shirt leaves the washing machine.
But as the little sign in the shirt tells you, you shouldn't iron it, esp.
not the painting. If you want to do it nevertheless, you should turn the
shirt around and iron it the other way round.


7. Wanted

We have been looking for Xanth or the address of one of the authors of
Midi-Maze I for a year now, but even Hybrid Arts U. S. (the former marketing
company of Midi-Maze I) doesn't know it; they told us Xanth doesn't exist
any more. But we would be interested to contact the authors. So, if you
know them by hasard, please send their address to us or our address to
them. Thanks a lot!


8. Credits

We want to thank everybody who supported us in writing Midi-Maze II:

-JÅrgen Piscol for his great title music. It has been created by his program
 SMS (public domain!). You can get it at the following address:

	R. A. P.
	Rastatterstra·e 144
	7500 Karlsruhe 51
	Fed. Rep. of Germany

-Hybrid Arts and Herrn von Garnier for their efforts in looking for Xanth
 and giving us several information. They have enabled us to sell
 Midi-Maze II.

-Textile Printing for printing the nice T-Shirts

-Markus Fritze, who was never tired of removing bugs, improving the program,
 analysing the disadvantages of Midi-Maze I. He had endless phantasy in
 inventing new features. He was the one who created all the great mazes.
 And of course he ... (that's enough, Markus!)

-Christoph Pagalies for writing the editor, adapting it to the continually
 changing maze format and the new features. And I want to thank him for
 the manual.


    Markus Fritze

P. S.: 	If your machine is in slave mode and you press ALTERNATE-S, you will
	enter the solo mode. Then you can drive through the maze and test
	the features. But the other 15 players won't move...
